_NodeSchool - Oakland_

Roughly every month (except during holidays or a scheduling conflict), npm hosts NodeSchool in our downtown Oakland office. It's a monthly meetup focused on learning JavaScript with chapters around the globe. Some folks come in with projects they work on and others learn through modules provided at the NodeSchool [website](https://nodeschool.io/#workshoppers). There are various teaching assistants on hand to help attendees with questions. Tim and DJ are the co-organizers of the Oakland Node School chapter.

The event lasts from 1 PM to 5 PM PST. An npm staffer arrives around 12:30 PM to help the organizers set up and take care of event logistics (usually involving attendee access to the building). The Friday before the event, an office manager sends a list of attendees to the 1999 Harrison office staff, a notice to have the lights on during the event and an introductory email between the npm host and NodeSchool organizers. There was a recent change in protocol where npm staff will have to register this event on the building website ahead of time in order to access visitor badges. Visitor badges (in the past, attendees were buzzed in without one) are also a new protocol. Sometimes during the event, there are complications with logistics. The lights of the building are timed for typical weekday business hours. As the events take place on Saturday, the npm host might have to instruct a building officer (located on the lobby of 1999 Harrison) to have the lights on until 5 PM. Node School guests should request to be let in at the building lobby and will be buzzed up to our 11th floor suite.

We provide food and drinks, typically pizza from The Star on Grand Avenue. Pizza is ordered around 2 PM (paid for by the npm host) and arrives at 3-ish. If the guest wifi is spotty, the router will have to be re-started. The guest wifi network and password are noted on the whiteboard by the suite entrance. In the event the wifi network is completely down, individuals might need to individually tether from their phone. Attendees are welcome to work in any space at our suite except the the C-suite offices (which are closed by the time the guests arrive). The organizers and npm host close these offices ahead of time and advise attendees which offices are off-limits. The organizers and npm host also do a sweep ahead of time and lock up any laptops a wombat might have left behind. The NodeSchool organizers do an introduction about 30 minutes into the event and also help with clean up at 5 PM (which typically involves loading all dishes in our dishwasher and taking the trash out of the building).
